the best digital marketing strategy
you've never tried i've tried a lot of
marketing tactics over the year and i
try them on all sorts of businesses in
different industries some tactics just
work really really well no matter what
industry you're in other tactics just
don't work as well and some tactics work
specifically for specific industries but
when you look at the ones that work
really really well for most industries
for some reason or not
they're not really used much at all and
today i want to break down one of them
that isn't used that often
but it works super well so well it
drives me over three thousand visitors a
day that's over a hundred and twenty
thousand visitors a month you may not
get that many visitors to your website
using this tactic but you'll get
something it's super effective and best
of all it doesn't require me to spend a
dollar on advertising
so what is this marketing tactic and how
does it work push notifications i use a
tool called subscribers.com but you can
use any web push notification software
to make it happen
just think of it this way when someone
comes to your website how do you get
them to subscribe maybe you ask them to
put in an email address maybe ask them
for their phone number maybe you want to
build up your sml list but what's wrong
with that
there's nothing wrong with it but
generally speaking it doesn't work as
well as you want and there's a massive
drop-off rate because people don't like
putting in their personal information
a lot of people don't like to share
their phone number their email address
social security number and the list goes
on and on and i'm not saying you're
asking for all those fields like such as
address but still people don't like
putting in their email address if they
can avoid it with push notifications
though it's different when someone
visits your website through their
browser they can subscribe to your
website all they have to do is click the
allow button and through their browser
they can receive messages
from you and they don't have to give you
any of their personal information like
your email address or your phone number
and your search browser does not give
them your email address or phone number
and you can communicate with the people
that subscribe through this push
notification software that you're using
so when you have a seller promotion
running you can let them know or when
you have a blog post to promote you can
let everyone know and all you have to do
is just send a push notification out it
takes literally less than a minute or
two
now here's my favorite part about push
notifications have you heard of email
drips
you know where you create a drip
sequence when someone automatically gets
email one two three four and five with
their new subscriber that way you can
continually promote different products
services and generate sales
you can do the same thing through
subscribers.com
you can create a push sequence that
helps you drive traffic in sales for
example in my push sequence i first
promote my ad agency np digital and i
talk about the marketing services we
offer then i promote my software
ubersuggest it drives consistent traffic
and signups and then when i release a
youtube video i send that out to all my
push notification subscribers and when i
release a blog post i do the same that's
how i generate an extra 120 000 visitors
a month if you want my team to implement
strategies like this and others that a
lot of people aren't using but they just
work check out my ad agency np digital
we're award-winning performance
marketing agency we got performance
marketing agency of the year because of
the unique strategies that we do and
they just work if you have any questions
leave a comment below i'm here to help
if you enjoy the video like it share it
tell people about it thank you for
watching